{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2819
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Terms and Conditions of Use\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 1. Introduction\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Welcome to the 
\f0\b QuantumFlow
\f1\b0  (hereinafter referred to as "the App"). These 
\f0\b Terms and Conditions
\f1\b0  outline the rules and guidelines governing your use of the App. By accessing, downloading, or using this App, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree with any part of these terms, please do not use the App. These terms constitute a legally binding agreement between you (the "User") and the App's developer/owner (hereinafter referred to as "we," "our," or "us").\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 2. General Terms of Use\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 2.1 Eligibility\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 To use the App, you must be at least thirteen (13) years old. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must have the consent of a legal guardian to use the App. By using the App, you represent and warrant that you meet these eligibility requirements. Additionally, you agree to provide accurate and up-to-date information as requested by the App and to maintain the accuracy of such information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 2.2 License Grant\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 We grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use the App in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. This license is limited to personal and non-commercial use only. You are prohibited from modifying, distributing, selling, or leasing any part of the App without our prior written consent. You must not reverse-engineer, decompile, or disassemble the App or any related components.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 2.3 Updates and Modifications\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 We reserve the right to update, modify, or discontinue the App, in whole or in part, at any time without prior notice. This includes releasing updates, patches, or new versions to enhance functionality or address issues. Your continued use of the App following any changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised terms. We are not liable for any modifications or discontinuations of the App.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 3. Privacy and Data Collection\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 3.1 Information We Collect\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 In connection with your use of the App, we may collect various types of personal data, including but not limited to your location data, motion data, device information, activity history, and goal settings. Location data is collected to track and map your workouts, while motion data helps us monitor step counts and activity levels. Device information and activity history are used to provide insights and track progress, and goal settings are used to customize your experience and track achievements.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 3.2 Use of Your Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The information we collect is used to enhance your user experience and to provide the features and functionality of the App. This includes tracking your workouts, providing real-time statistics, setting and monitoring goals, and generating insights into your fitness progress. We may use your data to improve the App and develop new features. By using the App, you consent to our use of your data for these purposes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 3.3 Sharing of Data\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 We do not sell or rent your personal data to third parties. However, we may share your data with third-party service providers who assist us in operating the App and providing its services. These providers are bound by strict confidentiality agreements and are prohibited from using your data for any other purpose. We may also disclose your data if required by law or in response to legal processes or requests from governmental authorities.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 3.4 Security\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 We implement reasonable measures to protect your data from unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction. While we strive to safeguard your information, no data transmission over the internet or electronic storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot warrant the absolute security of your data. By using the App, you acknowledge and accept the inherent risks associated with data transmission and storage.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 4. User Responsibilities\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 4.1 Proper Use\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 You agree to use the App in a responsible manner and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. This includes not using the App in any way that could harm, injure, or damage yourself, others, or property. You must not engage in any illegal, fraudulent, or harmful activities while using the App. You are responsible for ensuring that your use of the App does not infringe upon the rights of any third party.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in reviews and certain other non-commercial uses permitted by copyright law.\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED \'93AS IS\'94, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\
\
Use of this program for pranks or any malicious activities is strictly prohibited. Any unauthorized use or dissemination of the results produced by this program is unethical and may result in legal consequences. The app has been tested throughly. Please inform the operator or author if there is any mistake or error in the code.  Any damage, disciplinary actions or death from this material is not the publisher's or owner's fault. Please run the program at your own risk. The operator shall not be at fault for any consequences and punishments from the user.\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 4.2 Account Security\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account credentials and for all activities that occur under your account. You must promptly notify us of any unauthorized access or use of your account. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account if we believe it has been compromised or used in violation of these Terms and Conditions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 4.3 Health and Safety\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The App is designed to assist you with tracking your fitness activities. However, engaging in physical activities such as running or cycling involves inherent risks. You are solely responsible for assessing your physical condition and ensuring that you are capable of participating in the activities tracked by the App. Always consult with a healthcare professional before starting any new exercise program, especially if you have pre-existing medical conditions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 5. Intellectual Property\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 5.1 Ownership\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 All content, designs, software, and data associated with the App are the intellectual property of the App's developer/owner and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. You may not use, reproduce, modify, or distribute any part of the App's intellectual property without our express written permission.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 5.2 User-Generated Content\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 By submitting any feedback, suggestions, or data through the App, you grant us a perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, modify, and publish that content. This license allows us to utilize the submitted content for purposes related to the operation, improvement, and promotion of the App.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 6. Disclaimer of Warranties\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 6.1 Use at Your Own Risk\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The App is provided on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis. We disclaim all warranties, whether express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. We do not guarantee that the App will be available, error-free, or meet your specific needs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 6.2 Limitation of Liability\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 To the fullest extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising from or related to your use of the App, even if we were advised of the possibility of such damages. This includes, but is not limited to, damages for loss of data, business interruption, or health-related issues resulting from your use of the App.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 7. Termination\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 7.1 User Termination\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 You may terminate your use of the App at any time by discontinuing its use and, if applicable, deleting your account. If you wish to terminate your account, please contact us directly for assistance.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 7.2 Our Right to Terminate\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your access to the App at any time, with or without cause, if we believe that you are in violation of these Terms and Conditions or if your account poses a security risk. We may also terminate your access if we decide to discontinue the App or any part of its functionality.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 8. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 8.1 Governing Law\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 These Terms and Conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of [Your Jurisdiction], without regard to its conflict of laws principles. Any legal actions or proceedings arising out of or related to these terms shall be conducted in the courts.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 8.2 Dispute Resolution\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Any disputes or claims arising from or relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be resolved through binding arbitration, in accordance with the rules of the Arbitration Institution. By agreeing to these terms, you waive your right to participate in a class action lawsuit or class-wide arbitration.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 9. Changes to Terms and Conditions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 We reserve the right to modify or update these Terms and Conditions at any time. Changes will be effective immediately upon posting the revised terms within the App. It is your responsibility to review these terms periodically. Your continued use of the App after any modifications constitutes your acceptance of the revised Terms and Conditions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 10. Contact Information\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 For any questions or concerns regarding these Terms and Conditions, please contact us at:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Email
\f1\b0 : \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
By using the 
\f0\b \outl0\strokewidth0 QuantumFlow
\f1\b0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 , you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to these Terms and Conditions. \
}